(Episode 2)
- Are you all right?
- I'm not all right. Not at all.
Obviously not.
How could I be all right?
- Anyway.
- Okay. I understand.
Judge Lee Jung Joo, correct?
I'm Judge Sah Eui Hyun of
the Individual Criminal Judges.
- I need to tell you something.
- No, thank you.
I hear young judges these days
enjoy coffee.
Is green tea okay?
I'm sorry for causing trouble.
Depending on the situation,
that trouble
can cover bigger trouble.
Pardon?
What do you mean?
I mean disgracing the court once
is more than enough.
- Yes, sir.
- Judge Lee.
Jang Soon Bok's retrial
is your case, isn't it?
Please do your best on the retrial.
Did they find out
that I lost the case file already?
Hey, Judge Knucklehead.
You know how I'm
the Knucklehead Prosecutor?
You're the knucklehead
among the judges,
so, how's "Judge Knucklehead"?
Judge Knucklehead.
Hey. What do you think about
you and I becoming...
the legal world's
Knucklehead Couple?
What about we go
and register our marriage?
Listen. Then our child will be
the biggest knucklehead in history.
Stop it already.
I'm just worried about you.
Will anyone marry you like this?
If no one will marry me,
I'll just marry them.
I'm saying you should marry me.
Listen. I can give you
a life of luxury.
Keep it up,
and I'll foam at the mouth.
I need to go to the police
because someone stole my purse.
Just your purse?
- What about your shoe?
- My shoe...
What? How did you know?
My case file.
Thank goodness, you're here.
Don't kiss that.
I wish I were that case file.
Why is this here?
The police will call you. Ask them.
Can't you tell me yourself?
I tried but...
"No, thank you."
- That's what you said.
- When did I say that?
I'm Judge Sah Eui Hyun of
the Individual Criminal Judges.
- I need to tell you something.
- No, thank you.
Then...
when I said, "No thank you,"
you meant...
this?
It's fine. Just be more careful
with your case files.
Don't take off your robe
in court either.
I won't take it off anymore.
If I take off my robe in court
ever again,
I'm your woman.
Hey, Jung Joo.
As in I won't take it off
over my dead body.
I'll wear my robe in the courtroom.
I need to review my case file,
so take her out.
I'm very, very grateful
that you found this for me.
But you're largely at fault
for my saying, "No, thank you."
If only you hadn't hit me
with the door...
Look. Do you see that lump?
The lump.
That doesn't compare to gum.
Gum?
Get out. Just get out. Now.
- Let's go.
- Hello, Mr. Cha.
How is Jang Soon Bok?
Mom.
The doctor says she might be
able to wake up right away,
but it's too early to tell, and
we should observe her for now.
I see.
He deserves to be trampled
over like a maggot!
See? Look at this!
It seems this was recorded
without permission.
Should we take legal actions?
The view has skyrocketed.
If this video goes viral,
Jang Soon Bok's suicide attempt...
might go away.
Whether it's the press
or the public,
they'd find a judge's outbreak far
more interesting than a defendant's.
It'd be more if that judge happened
to be a young, female judge.
Was it Judge Lee Jung Joo?
Let's give them Lee Jung Joo
and cover up Jang Soon Bok's case.
Are they serious?
Why are they criticizing only me?
Some people almost died
because of him.
He deserves to be trampled
over like a maggot!
Gosh, that startled me.
Hello?
This is Detective Kang Chul Soo
from Seocho Police Station.
- Is this Judge Lee Jung Joo?
- Yes.
Have you received your bag
from Judge Sah Eui Hyun?
Had I known he was famous
and was even on the news in the US,
I would have gotten an autograph.
(Sah Eui Hyun)
We have tragic news.
A shooting has taken place...
inside a classroom
at Harvard Law School.
The shooter, identified
as law student, Calin,
killed 3 people during
an 11-minute shooting spree.
Fortunately, the chaos was stopped
by a courageous man,
Sah Eui Hyun,
a judge from South Korea.
He wanted to end it all.
He needed help from someone
just like you.
- You're home.
- She was reading.
Hello.
Are you watching it again?
I keep wanting to watch it.
I can't get enough of it.
My gosh, I have an amazing son.
- I'm going to wash up now.
- Do you want a drink?
A can of beer won't cloud your
judgment while writing your ruling.
Hit the ground! You're going to...
Not today. I think
it might get me drunk today.
Did something happen
that you'd get drunk from one beer?
I had a small accident
in court today.
- An accident?
- In one of my cases, a defendant,
Jang Soon Bok, murdered and
chopped her husband's body.
I know her.
I was the presiding judge
of her first trial.
You were?
I remember her son was suffering
from a mental disability.
How do you remember that?
The man
whom Jang Soon Book killed...
managed the cottage of Do Jin Myung.
He was annoyed that the husband
died as soon as he hired him.
Did you know that
she applied for a retrial?
A retrial?
What are you doing?
You scared me!
Is blaming others your hobby?
Putting myself in someone else's
shoes is my talent.
Well,
I do agree that you might see me
as blaming it on you, Judge Sah.
I'd like to offer my sincerest
gratitude and apologies.
I wouldn't want you to think
being ungrateful is my habit.
I wasn't done talking to you.
What is this? What?
What's going on? What is this?
Why would you put your robe on
like that?
Were you trying to attack me?
It's you, Judge Lee,
who's wearing...
my robe.
I won't attack you, so take it off.
It wasn't like I wanted
to wear your robe.
I'm taking it off right now.
(Judge Knucklehead)
The person you have reached
is unavailable.
Whatever. She never picks up
the first time I call her.
Her phone is just
an answering machine.
I thought you were
done talking.
I was just getting started.
Beggars can't be choosers.
There was an unfortunate incident
during Jang Soon Bok's trial.
Are you asking me
about her condition?
Yes, I'm in charge of writing...
the ruling for her case.
She's unconscious.
We need to monitor her to see
whether she wakes up or not.
I heard from Prosecutor Do...
that you recorded
a video of the trial.
I'd like to take a look at that.
We already deleted the video.
Sorry? Hold on.
Hang on.
If you were going to delete
the video this quickly,
why did you bother filming it?
I wanted to record the trial,
but deleting it was a suggestion
made by my superiors.
By superiors, do you mean
the Chief Justice or the head chief?
The Chief Justice personally
requested me...
to do my best
for Jang Soon Bok's retrial.
Why would he suggest to delete it?
If you have questions, ask him.
Is this how you're going to treat
me, out of all people?
What do you mean?
You heard me.
You and I are very special
when it comes to Jang Soon Bok.
Think how we both had the same case
around the same time.
Larceny and retrial are
two different matters.
You found the case file
that I almost lost.
I would've done the same
for anyone, not just you.
My goodness.
Aren't you bothered that Jang
Soon Bok attempted suicide...
during her trial and that
she's on the brink of death?
I'm only asking
because it's bothering me too.
Think about to whom she would want
to show the video the most...
when she asked you
to record the trial.
(My innocence is your guilt.)
Did she really try
to commit suicide?
Medically speaking, yes.
She has diabetes,
so she gets insulin shots.
After getting her shot yesterday,
she skipped breakfast and lunch
before coming here.
I think she was trying to die
from hypoglycemia.
Why would she?
According to the prison guard,
she was in despair after...
her lawyer squashed her hopes
of getting a retrial.
She lost all hope.
"My innocence is your guilt."
Was she really wrongfully accused?
Do you know how many criminals
would say that they're wronged?
When serial killers are apprehended,
they say it's unfair
because they can't kill anymore.
I really wanted to see the video.
Why would they delete the video?
You know what?
The presiding judge
for her first trial was...
Sah Jung Do, the president
of Jungmyung Law Office.
What do you take me for?
Goodness. Did you know his son
is Judge Sah Eui Hyun?
What?
Hold on.
Yes, Mom.
Is that Professor Yoo?
- Professor!
- Hi.
This is awesome. I've missed you.
People will think she's your mom.
I thought you'd be in hiding
because of the video.
You look fine.
You see...
how everyone is staring at me,
right?
Maybe standing next to you
will make me less self-conscious.
Then stick to me like glue.
- Hello.
- Hi.
People will think my mom
is a Chief Justice.
She could've been
if she didn't join the law school.
When she was a judge,
her reputation was through the roof.
Eui Hyun, long time no see.
Eat with us.
Enjoy your lunch.
What?
Did he just diss you too?
- Hey.
- Let him be.
How do you know him?
He and Han Joon
used to be inseparable.
[Kocowa Ver] E02 Nothing to Lose "Nothing to Lose"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You're meeting Kim Joo Hyung? Alone?
Yes. The court must have decided
that there's a need...
to check his mental state,
and asked me directly.
The panel who heard his case...
I didn't know...
that the expert my chief mentioned
was Professor Yoo.
Have some omelet.
I know it's your favorite.
Give me some omelet too.
Pretty, please?
Give me.
Mom, you give me.
I don't like being second best.
Here.
Wasn't being a Con Law professor
enough?
Why did you have to study
criminal psychology?
Now, you have to meet with violent
criminals alone. It worries me.
If you dissect
Kim Joo Hyung's psyche,
can you analyze the garbage
that he spews out?
Yes, I should.
That's why we have criminal
psychologists like me.
You were crazy cool
when you were a judge too.
Then again,
you saw right through what the
criminals were thinking then too.
Kim Joo Hyung.
It's quiet here
thanks to Courtroom 11.
It was such a headache
when things got rowdy here.
You too, right?
You should buy Judge Lee Jung Joo
dinner or something.
It looks like she'll be spared
from disciplinary action...
for diverting the attention from
here, so it's a good thing.
Are you staying? I'm going
to head over to Courtroom 11.
Later. Oh, that's right.
You got rid of the video
of Jang Soon Bok, right?
I trust you.
We will now begin...
the trial presided by
the 73rd Criminal Judicial Panel.
Case number 2017GO135.
Defendant, Kim Joo Hyung.
Please bring him out.
(Defendant)
As the presiding judge,
let me give you a word of warning.
We, judges, will do our best
to ensure there is no more...
disgraceful behavior
in the court room...
and to uphold the prestige
of the court.
Defendant. Watch your language,
and show respect as well.
- But Your Honor...
- Defendant.
Do not do anything
without proper reason.
Every word you say...
may make you guilty of contempt
of court and defamation.
Please keep that in mind.
Also, those of you in the audience,
do not record anything in court.
Let us begin.
- I need to take a leak.
- Sit down.
There are no leaks here.
He means...
he needs to urinate.
Urinate?
Yes. Urinate.
- Must you go now?
- Yes.
Should I just go here?
Please take the defendant...
to the restroom.
We'll take a 10-minute recess.
Defendant. Put down that knife!
Mr. Kim Joo Hyung.
Please calm down.
Please don't kill me.
Ask this lady judge to save you.
Judge Lee.
What... What do you want?
I'll tell this lady judge here!
- So everyone but her, get out.
- But...
I'm the presiding judge,
so talk to me.
Don't do anything reckless!
Okay?
This is my case,
so talk to me instead.
Don't do anything you'll regret.
I'll stay!
Everyone, please leave.
- Judge Lee.
Let her go. I said I'd stay behind.
Judge Lee Jung Joo of
the 73rd Criminal Judicial Panel...
has been taken hostage by
the defendant,
serial child rapist Kim Joo Hyung.
The police state...
that Judge Lee Jung Joo's safety
is top priority,
and are carefully considering
sending in special forces.
Since there aren't any
clear matters for negotiation,
there is a high probability
that this hostage situation...
will be prolonged.
Why was Judge Lee Jung Joo
taken hostage?
Does it have to do with the video
circulating online?
Please tell us.
What led to this event?
Why was a judge taken hostage?
- Please give us a statement!
- Yes, well...
We will make an official statement
shortly,
so please refrain from
making speculations.
Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please give us a statement now.
(Defendant)
Judge Lee.
Listen carefully
to what I'm about to say.
I'll tell you what I want.
You know,
I really don't like this.
I need you to take care of it
for me.
(Trial for Serial Child Rape)
My handwritten confession.
Do you think getting rid of this
will get rid of your crime?
You keep saying my "crime",
but what I did wasn't a crime.
It is a crime.
The most deplorable,
unforgivable crime.
You're so dense.
I told you over and over.
It was sex education.
You made this
although I'm innocent,
so I need you to burn this yourself.
The one who made it
needs to destroy it...
so that I can walk out of here...
with my head held high.
With your head held high?
After doing such heinous things
to those small children?
(Trial for Serial Child Rape)
What do I do?
I don't hate this attitude.
It's not good
if you make me like you so much.
Don't set my heart on fire.
Just burn this already.
I can't. I can't burn this
and acquit you.
Then take off your clothes.
I will let you see for yourself
it wasn't rape.
I can die with no regrets.
In this sacred courtroom,
I get to hold the very first sex
education class with a female judge.
I'm ecstatic.
Is it legal for you
to give me these thrills?
Judge Lee Jung Joo.
Do you think you'll get away
with this?
I told you already. I won't have
any regrets even if I die.
I can ask you one last time.
Will you take it off...
or burn it?
Take off your clothes.
I said to take it off,
Judge Lee Jung Joo.
Don't you dare even touch her.
Or I'm going to kill you myself.
It's because I don't want to
fight with you...
over a woman.
- What are you scared of?
- I'm scared that my decision...
would be about being successful.
A successful judge
doesn't make misjudgments.
I'm not sure if Lee Jung Joo can
get out of this mess.
Please take it off.